Adding passports documentation content (#10)
ga4gh/ga4gh-starter-kit-docs: docs/starter-kit-apis/passport/passport_ui_overview.md

## Installation and Usage

To run the Passport UI, first clone the Passport UI repo
```
git clone https://github.com/ga4gh/ga4gh-starter-kit-passport-ui
```

This service is a docker container, having [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/) installed beforehand will be useful. 

After cloning the repository, navigate to the cloned repo and use the command below to run the different services in the passport-network docker-compose file.
```
docker-compose -f passport-network.yml up --build --force-recreate -d
```

Ory hydra is a OAuth 2.0 and Open ID Connect certified server. It allows you to interface with the passport application and login systems.

Ory kratos is the identity management system for the server for the different users. This service supports user creation and management.

MailSlurper is a SMTP mail server that is used to test email functionality. It is used in the developer environment of the starterkit as part of the kratos user management system. 

> Confirm the passport broker is running using a request to the passport broker service info

Reviewer: Let's omit this line (line 34 to 37) to maintain consistency with the other Starter Kit Overview pages, as none of them have HTTP requests.

```
GET http://localhost:4500/ga4gh/passport/v1/service-info
```

You should get back an object body starting with `id` with value `"org.ga4gh.starterkit.passport.broker"`, and other information.

> Once you are done using the Passport UI, make sure to close the docker containers with the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop and remove all the deployed Docker containers, networks, and volumes created using the `passport-network.yml` docker-compose file, execute the following command.
```

```

This service is a docker container, having [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/) installed beforehand will be useful. 

After cloning the repository, navigate to the cloned repo and use the command below to run the different services in the passport-network docker-compose file.
```
docker-compose -f passport-network.yml up --build --force-recreate
```

You can confirm hydra and kratos are running by confirming the following response in the command prompt
```
ga4gh-starter-kit-passport-ui_kratos-migrate_1 exited with code 0
ga4gh-starter-kit-passport-ui_hydra-migrate_1 exited with code 0
```

Ory hydra is a OAuth 2.0 and Open ID Connect certified server. It allows you to interface with the passport application and login systems.

Ory kratos is the identity management system for the server for the different users. This service supports user creation and management.

Confirm the passport broker is running using a request to the passport broker service info
```
GET http://localhost:4500/ga4gh/passport/v1/service-info
```

You should get back an object body starting with `id` with value `"org.ga4gh.starterkit.passport.broker"`, and other information.

> Confirm that the image for the repository `ga4gh/ga4gh-starter-kit-passport-ui-node`

Reviewer: This sentence seems to be incomplete.
